Samantha Mathis: Hi! I am from Tucson, Arizona. I got my Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/French at the University of Arizona. I currently work at Raytheon as a Software Engineer. I am enrolled in Boston University's Software Development Masters Program. I plan to graduate May 2024. I have a Twin Sister who is currently in Law School and works at Disneyland on the weekends so I like to visit her as often as I can! I love to read,, hike, and watch TV. I also love to travel Ive been to Japan, Egypt, Europe etc. and would love to visit Austalia/New Zealand next!


Lazaro Perez: My name is Lazaro but I go by Laz. I received a Bachelors degree in Finance from Umass Amherst, as well a certificate of completion of Full Stack Software Development at Bottega University. I am currently working as a Workday Integrations Consultant at a company called Kognitiv Inc based out of Newton Massachusetts.I live in Weymouth Massachusetts. I love watching shows on Netflix, Playing RPG Videos games(Currently playing Dark Souls 3) and reading self development books. 

<h5>Jian Song</h5> <p>Hey everyone! This is <strong>Jay</strong> and I am based in Boston area. My latest degree is a Master in Financial Engineering from the University of Maryland before I relocated to Boston area. I am currently working as a Software Engineer at a financial company called Wellington Management.</p> <p>I am an avid basketball fan and playing piano sometimes. Previously I play PC games like Dota2 but now I can barely find time to play (especially after getting married).</p>

Saahil Vashishta: Hello everyone! I am Saahil and I am based out of Seattle, Washington. I got my undergraduate degree in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University and currently I work as the lead Functional Safety Engineer for Trimble Autonomous Solutions. I work remotely but my office is in Denver Colarado. For fun, I love hiking, running, working out, paddle boarding and playing the piano. I also like biking, traveling and binging TV shows on Netflix. 

Ahnaf Tajwar: Hey guys! My name is Ahnaf and I'm from NYC. I received my Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering from Boston University with a concentration in Manufacturing Engineering. Right after graduating, I joined General Motors as a Mechanical Engineer. However, after 6 months, I started learning and transitioning to the software side of things. Now, I am working remotely as an AI/ML Software Engineer still at GM, but on the Mapping team. I enjoy traveling, photography, and playing video games (if I even have time). 


Shajee Ur Rehman: Hi All! My name is Shajee and I did my undergrad in Chemical Engineering from The University of Manchester (UK). I then worked 3 years in the Oil & Gas Industry before making a switch to the Software/Tech Industry as it is closer to my passions and my ambitions moving forward. I am enrolled in the MSSD Program at BU (On Campus) and fairly new to programming but have picked up on Python and Java by now (more fluent with Python) and a bit of Android Development as well. My hobbies include singing and playing the guitar, following Formula 1, I love to drive/race and go for karting every now and then. I play table tennis occasionally and love to cook, enjoy playing videogames as well, however, I rarely get to play now due to the busy schedule of the program.